Self
-------------
Amazing-If this is true it is truly amazing.Such an relationship with onself is truly rare and valuable.You are compaitable with yourself and are happy.
Good-This is valuable Th relationship yu are having with oneself is truly valuable.
Healthy-Nice it seems you are having quite good relationship with yourself.
Bad-This doesn't seem to be a good sign to have such relationship with yourself.
Very Bad -Oh God this is seems to be self destructive

Relationhips
---------------
Amazing-Wow this is rare and you are Lucky! Feel Lucky and grateful about it. This relationship will surely help yiu grow.
Great- Wondeful its rare to have such a relationship. Go smooth with this and grow on with your partner.
Good- Nice its amazing to have such nice relationships .But there is also some cha ce to grow.
Okayish-Umm this is another average relationship.Very good chance to learn and move on.
Bad-This seems trouble .It could be a very bad choice of staying in this relationship.
Worse- What the hell are you waiting for!! Run away! from such people.

Family
------------------
Great- Wow Amazing! So lucky you are to have such a suporting family member. Feel Grateful
Good- Nice to have such family member in your life.Feel thankful.
Apathy- This can be a strange and difficult situation.Having apathetic family members.
Bad-Allright! this can turnout to be a difficult situaton.But it has its own consequences and reasons.

Crush
--------------
Definitely-This is  an amazing sign to ask kim/her out. We are confident.
Should_consider-Chances are that your cush might respond to your reques affirmatively.
Should_not_consider-Give it a prior thought before considering this.There is slight chance that things might go wrong.
Chances are less- The chances seem very bleak . You should give up your hope.It'll be  better like .Stop seeking fullfilment in someone else.
Very less- The person might be really irritated by you. The best course could be actually vanishing from that person's life .Clinging to false hope will result into nothinh.

Friend
--------------
Acquaintance- It's Okay to call them friends but they are mostly acquaintances.It's Nice to have proffessional relationships with them.
Good Time Charlie- He's s a friend who will appear mostly in good times. This doesn't make him bad
Kindered Spirit- Nice friend is good to have round a spend some quality time with. Listen more to such friends.
Leech- Yeah could be an energy vampire who drains your energy ,ranting about everyone.
Occassional-This friend could be busy with his own life.Wont have much time for you.
Situational-This friend could be busy with his own life.Wont have much time for you. Do help them if necessary
Stratergist- We all need this friend who has all the plans ready to the ground. Go Ahead with the plans
True Friend- Lucky are you grateful you should be to have such friend. This person could be very wise and very spiritually advanced.The more you spend time in this person's company the better is it for you.

4 collumns
what it tells about the person.
what it teels about you
what you should do
what you shuldn't do



